[MUSIC PLAYING]
I started five years ago
and I've never looked back.
I feel like I'm part of
their family and I love that.
I can't imagine doing
anything else at this point.
I've been doing this
for over 10 years
and I really have started
from the ground up.
And I love to be able to
see the successes that I
see in the individuals
that we serve.
I've been in health care for
over 20 years, and the ability
to affect change within
a fragile population
and be able to work with
amazing people every day,
to help families in need--
it is really the
reason I'm here.
I love that my job is
different every day.
We get to work with
little kids, older kids.
But if you want to work for
a place, work in a place
and work for an
organization that's
committed to touching hearts,
you want to work at Aveanna.
We're the front line
and the first people
that moms and dads speak with.
And we're creating something
that no one's ever done before.
And at the end of the day,
it's nice being in a big group
where everybody treats
each other like family.
That's what it's all about.
We have about 30,000 caregivers
at this point and caring
for about 15,000,
16,000 patients.
And that number is
only going to grow.
We have so much talent
within our therapy department
and our therapy team.
I'm excited about being
part of the bigger picture.
Health care is changing
and health care
continues to change.
And one of the things that
I notice is that Aveanna.
Is very progressive and
proactive about the changes
that are happening
in health care.
We're excited to meet
those challenges of growth
and revolution and change.
We embrace change.
There's nowhere else I want to
be right now than where I am.